you know it's like if I just copy what
they're gonna be successful
not realizing that that is not
necessarily you know they're not often
having the full picture
yes I you know it's it's about you know
is just coming back to that is a
business and seeing this is early days
and that's really exciting because if
you get into something like this on the
ground floor this is ground floor time
this is a time to get in get you courses
out this is ground water now until three
years when anyone else is trying to get
in this happened in stock photography
remember said about coming into stock
photography what's happening now is
commercial photographers have trouble
getting the truck was approved these are
the guys who make their living because
the market is locked down now because
I've got enough of certain types of
content and that's gonna happen to you
to get in now
london Business be prepared not to make
money for the first 12 months and we
think about how we're going to target is
how am I gonna keep going and not make
money from this twelve months
residual income and we say it's 12 to 18
months and that we hope are you sure
people will make money straight away but
for a lot of people it's a grind grind
out out most good businesses alike and
that's what you have to do
thanks for taking a seat that people
come in with your questions I checked
out your words I've been on there myself
I'm thinking about creating more sense
for what I do but I've never seen the
little daunting to be honest even though
I'm created online shoppers that's all
I've done so actually having to go in
and create video content and which I
would have imagined is probably the most
effective way to set up a worse now
to ask you what does have you ever done
any courses without doing video and just
the information produced content without
video business powerful it doesn't get
the engagements of your Kindle of
engagement with non video courses time
that by ten yeah that's what I would
imagine how to sell so is like the damn
do people know how many people now you
know when invoked the book jurassic
world right by worried about about
actually I was first came out I bought
the book is amazing I was the only
person in the cinema actually
disappointed in the film you know
because I brought a book and there's a
lot more dinosaurs in the book and they
put in this bill that's going back a bit
changed a bit but the point is that's
that's what people are consuming yeah
because we have to that's where we we
have to have and to be honest is not as
daunting as you might think it's just a
case of learning some scale is just you
know developing certain skills so you
can place yourself in the marketplace
right you got a total plug their marches
so you're paying attention somebody's
got a coupon for you you are so don't
pass up the opportunity by the way just
what he's doing get a pitch in there for
myself the replay will be available I
just put a link here and I'll make sure
that any of March scoop on leeson
whatever various other resources
will be available here as well
ok did you just a few coupons and so
it's my business building costs $149 no
money in this from $9 office group size
if you're interested
yes I how does that some ways it you
struggle wave lol no well yes Noel Noel
particularly usually to be one thing
making the video is it being on camera
and I like where you know a woman I
think it's a little different so much
more baby what you wear it makes you
look back it's not it's really easy to
solve you first course for a first
course you don't have to appear on
camera so you can do a slide show what
we call us
screencast and audio and just presented
that way now what we would recommend as
you maybe have the promo video and the
introduction of a little video segment
at the beginning of each slide show that
you don't have to appear on camera but
is it a good ideas actually appear on
camera
the reason being it creates connection
with students we just don't have to do a
lot of it because once they see new ones
in now he looked like another hearing
your voice so you have a few hours are
you are you doing this video
22 in pictures and video production
company and I'm used to be an on-camera
lying I'm quite happy love my new free
courses nearly constantly me on screen
talking and I don't have an issue but
recently with all of my courses I'm
actually pull back on that and not
because I have a problem because I know
my students don't necessarily want to
watch me for the whole three and a half
hours longer cost orkut they're happy to
see slides and it's also been engaged
about breaking the students attention
yeah you want to switch around a bit
surprised them and that spot engagement
as well so you know you don't need to do
that with you first course I would say
and then he's ever seen you can do crazy
first course do all slideshow get into
the marketplace
quick simple introductory course you can
learn how to crack or so new to me and
later on you can always go back and
change electoral to a prime I we've you
talkin ok but the important thing is to
get caught up there and go through that
process because you is a huge learning
curve 20 minutes he you are right it is
adopting test it's a humongous learning
curve markedly different type of the
learning curve because he did already
have the background in photography and
video we don't really have time to get
into some of the other learning curve
that market we all have some learning
curve so just know it's gonna be it's
gonna be hard make the courses short as
you can make their can you make thirty
minutes 30 minutes minimum
least 30 minutes of content sixty
percent of which has to be video which
means I did put a note in your deal can
just be a voiceover on a slideshow
budget that at least 18 minutes of video
content
you have to have at least five lectures
you have to have at least 30 minutes
content and it did the key thing is to
make sure that you do get that first
created it's a huge learning curve but
it's a huge sense of accomplishment when
you submit a review and probably it's
gonna have required fixes that you just
don't stress about it you make sure to
go through their test video process
those that you can get whacked over and
over again
alright so that your course to do you
need a total of thirty minutes of
content you need a minimum of five
lectures in your course and you need a
minimum of 80 90 minutes of video is
nothing hour and a half hour and a half
by Thomas issues when you get close so I
just in the process of you go following
you have artists I do I have been doing
yesterday you are so all of it yeah yeah
you're gonna be one of those people who
when you live your first course in you
like you send out the email and like
what you want to do it you kind of want
to get on the early bird subscriber you
do this you'll be one of those people at
you like you're like oh my god in the
first 24 hours I made 1500 bucks so you
can be said that I wanted